=== Page 1 ===
Online Orders – Shake Test & Checks Prior to Collection
It's important that online orders are packed as per the online packing standards, to ensure each order arrives to the customer undamaged.
Managers should conduct regular checks of online orders as per below, to assist in coaching your online teams, to ensure standards are maintained, and also recognising Team Members when the standards are met. It is recommended this be reviewed at least once a week.
Online Order Checks – Cartons
Step 1
Pick up an online order in a carton and shake the carton.
Step 2
Check for movement of the items inside. If there is open the carton using gloves to check how the order has been packed.
Step 3
When reviewing the carton check for:

Are the items wrapped in Geami paper?
Is there enough void fill in the carton to prevent movement?
Has a parcel thankyou flyer been placed into the carton?
Is the delivery label on the top of the carton to easily read?
If there are fragile items in the carton, does the carton have fragile tape on it?

Step 4
Spot check parcels, reviewing labels to see how many parcels there are per order. If there are a lot of parcels for the one order, consider repacking into larger boxes to reduce the number of parcels in the order.
Step 5
If any online carton orders are found not to meet the packing standards, they must be repackaged correctly with the online Team Member to demonstrate the correct method.
Online Order Checks – Satchels
Step 1
Select 10 satchels across multiple pallets/ULDs.
Step 2
Touch the satchel to make sure that only soft GM or apparel are the only items within the satchel.
Step 3
If any satchel contains items that are not soft such as boxed toys, Lego etc. place them aside.
Step 4
Any satchels found not to be packed correctly should be opened and also checked to ensure a thankyou flyer been placed into the satchel.
Step 5
If any online satchel orders are found not to meet the packing standards, they must be repackaged correctly with the online Team Member to demonstrate the correct method.
If a satchel order needs to be repackaged into a carton:

If the item remains at packed status, reset the order and pack it again using the correct carton.
If the item is in a shipped status, ship with incorrect dimensions and reprint a label using the packing app via the PDT.


=== Page 2 ===
Online Orders – Shake Test & Checks Prior to Collection
Online Order Checks – Pallets & ULDs
Step 1
Pallets and ULDs should be reviewed prior to collection to identify if any products require repackaging, to ensure they arrive to the customer undamaged.
Info
Examples of items that require re-packaging identified through pallet and ULD checks:

Toys that need to be covered in black wrap.
Labels placed incorrectly (over images, warning labels etc.)
Toys & Sporting items should be wrapped if safe to do so, with no expectations on larger items such as bikes or trampolines.
Check random boxes and satchels as per steps above.
Check random boxes labelled with fragile tape as per steps above.
Check that each package is on the correct carrier pallet e.g., no AUS Post packages mixed in with Allied orders etc, by checking address labels.

Step 2
If any online orders are found not to meet the packing standards, they must be repackaged correctly with the online Team Member to demonstrate the correct method.
Online Order Checks – Right Courier, Right Freight
It's important that cartons, satchels, pallets and ULDs are correctly packaged and checked as outlined in this guide, to ensure they are easily identifiable by couriers for a seamless delivery, whilst ensuring Kmart operational costs are kept to a minimum. Here are some potential impacts if processes are not followed.
Process: Cages clearly labelled with courier details
Impacts:
It is important to clearly sign your cages, tubs and ULD'S so each are identifiable for team members processing orders to ensure they are sent by the correct courier company.
If the parcel is sent with the wrong courier the store will still be charged and the item will end up being returned to the store, resulting in the customer being impacted as these orders are refunded.
Process: Check label placement
Impacts:
Labels should be placed flat onto the carton in the space provided to ensure barcode isn't creased. If a label.
If a label is creased the courier may not be able to scan the parcel which results in the freight being returned to the store as a RTS (return to Sender), delivering a disappointing experience to the customers and adding to Kmart's operational costs.
Process: Check label quality
Impacts:
Labels should be checked to ensure they have not faded or are marked. If this occurs ensure your printer has been cleaned and charged before continuing to use, and reprint labels.
Process: Wrapping & weight stickers
Impacts:
Ensure all ULDs and/or pallets ready for collection are wrapped correctly with weight sticker attached.
Info
Make sure you check all locations other than the back dock for orders e.g., shipping containers, big and bulky fixtures etc.
Ensure regular reviews of all online areas and receiving bays are checked for pallets that may be mixed in with loads.